docs: document ES|QL support in Vega visualizations (#4953) (#6022)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/visualize/custom-visualizations-with-vega.md

```json
{
  "data": [
    {
      "name": "my_data",
      "url": {
        "%type%": "esql",
        "query": "FROM kibana_sample_data_logs | STATS count=COUNT()"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

The `url` object supports the following parameters:

| Parameter | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| `"%type%"` | Set to `"esql"` to use the {{esql}} parser. |
| `"query"` | The {{esql}} query to run. Required. |
| `"%context%"` | When set to `true`, applies the dashboard filters to the query. |
| `"%timefield%"` | When set, enables the `?_tstart` and `?_tend` named parameters in the query. These parameters are replaced with the start and end of the dashboard time range. |
| `"dropNullColumns"` | Defaults to `true`. When `true`, columns that contain only `null` values are excluded from the response. |
| `"params"` | An array of named parameter objects to substitute into the query. |

The response is converted from the {{esql}} columnar format into the row-based format that **Vega** expects, with one object per row keyed by column name.

> The following complete **Vega-Lite** example charts document counts over time, using the dashboard filters and time range through `"%context%"`, `"%timefield%"`, and the `?_tstart` and `?_tend` parameters. To try it, [install the sample web logs data set](../index.md#gs-get-data-into-kibana), open a new custom visualization on a dashboard, and paste the spec:

Author: ```suggestion
The following example creates a metric that counts documents over time, using the dashboard filters and time range through `"%context%"`, `"%timefield%"`, and the `?_tstart` and `?_tend` parameters. To try it, [install the sample web logs data set](/manage-data/ingest/sample-data.md), open a new custom visualization on a dashboard, and paste the spec:
```
